911: What's going on with her today?
NURSE: I just helped her into the bed and
she's having respiratory distress, O2 sats at 68 with oxygen.
911: OK hold on, you said she's having trouble breathing?
NURSE: Yes.
911: Is she able to talk in normal sentences or does he have to take a lot of breaks in between?
NURSE: She has to take a lot of-- It takes
a lot of energy for her to make a few words.
911: OK but does she take a lot of breaks for her breathing or is she able to say a full sentence?
NURSE: She is able to but it takes a longer.
911: OK, and you said her O2 sats were what?
NURSE: It was 68 and it went up to 70 and
that's the highest I could get it on oxygen.
911: OK, and what's your name?
NURSE: [Redacted].
911: OK, is someone able to direct the crew
to where she's at when they get there?
NURSE: Yes.
911: OK, just go ahead and keep her calm and comfortable, nothing to eat or drink, try not to have her do too much moving around, if anything changes, just go ahead and call back so we can give them an update.
NURSE: Alright, thank you.
911: Bye.